<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE book PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.2-Based Variant V1.1//EN" "dtd/kdex.dtd" [
  <!ENTITY pege "<application>Peg-E</application>">
  <!ENTITY kappname "&pege;">
  <!ENTITY kappversion "1.0.80">
  <!ENTITY package "kdegames">
  <!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
  <!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE">
]>

<book lang="&language;">
	<bookinfo>
		<title>The &pege; Handbook</title>

		<authorgroup>
			<author>
				<personname>
					<firstname>Graeme</firstname>
					<surname>Gott</surname>
				</personname>
				<email>graeme@gottcode.org</email>
			</author>
			<!-- TRANS:ROLES_OF_TRANSLATORS -->
		</authorgroup>

		<copyright>
			<year>2009</year>
			<holder>Graeme Gott</holder>
		</copyright>

		<legalnotice>&FDLNotice;</legalnotice>

		<date>2009-03-01</date>
		<releaseinfo>1.0.80</releaseinfo>

		<abstract>
			<para>
				This documentation describes the game of &pege; version &kappversion;
			</para>
		</abstract>

		<keywordset>
			<keyword>KDE</keyword>
			<keyword>kdegames</keyword>
			<keyword>game</keyword>
			<keyword>Peg-E</keyword>
			<keyword>board</keyword>
		</keywordset>

	</bookinfo>

	<chapter id="introduction">
		<title>Introduction</title>
		<para>
			&pege; is a peg elimination game. The object of the game is to remove all but one peg from the board.
		</para>
	</chapter>

	<chapter id="how-to-play">
		<title>How To Play</title>
		<para>
			The player is presented with a board of holes containing pegs. The player moves by jumping a peg over another peg into an empty hole; the jumped peg is removed from the board. The game is over when no more pegs can be removed.
		</para>
	</chapter>

	<chapter id="configuration">
		<title>Game Configuration</title>
		<para>
			The &pege; configuration dialog allows you to select visual themes for &pege;.
		</para>
		<para>
			To select a new theme simply choose the theme's name from the selection list.
		</para>
		<note>
			<title>Note:</title>
			<para>
				For your convenience a quick preview screenshot will be displayed on the right hand sided of the selection list as soon as you select the theme you are interested in.
			</para>
		</note>
		<para>
			Once you are satisfied with the theme you have selected you can either click the <guibutton>Apply</guibutton>, or simply click the <guibutton>Ok</guibutton> button, located at the bottom part of this dialog.
		</para>
		<para>
			If, however you are dissatisfied with your selection – simply click <guimenu>Cancel</guimenu> to discard the changes.
		</para>
	</chapter>

	<chapter id="credits">
		<title>Credits and License</title>
		<para>&pege;</para>
		<para>
			Program copyright 2009 Graeme Gott <email>graeme@gottcode.org</email>
		</para>
		<para>
			Documentation Copyright &copy; 2009 Graeme Gott <email>graeme@gottcode.org</email>
		</para>

		<!-- TRANS:CREDIT_FOR_TRANSLATORS -->

		&underFDL;

		&underGPL;

	</chapter>

	<appendix id="installation">
		<title>Installation</title>

		&install.intro.documentation;

		&install.compile.documentation;

	</appendix>

</book>
